[docs][charts] Add composition sections (#17377)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/lines/lines.md

```

{{"demo": "LineAnimation.js"}}

## Composition

For composition, use the `ChartDataProvider` to provide `series`, `xAxis`, and `yAxis` props.

> In addition to the common chart components available for [composition](https://next.mui.com/x/react-charts/composition/), you can use the `AreaPlot`, `LinePlot`, and `MarkPlot` to renders different part of the chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the common chart components available for [composition](https://next.mui.com/x/react-charts/composition/), you can use the Area Plot, Line Plot, and Mark Plot components to render different parts.
```

Author: For those, I'm not sure.

I agree the `MarkPlot` is disturbe the reading. But the Mark Plot makes it harder to scan.
When I read this kind of docs I rarely read it from start to end. I scan it looking for keywords.

I porpose to use the bold font for components as a tradeoff between highlighting the component name but not too disturbing.

I also used bullet point when we have multiple sub components

Reviewer: > I porpose to use the bold font for components

I think this just gets too confusing and arbitrary, making it very difficult to apply consistently. Our existing style conventions would dictate that these be styled like regular Proper Nouns, and that's the rule we've followed/tried to enforce for several years now. If we introduce a new rule to bold _some_ component names, how do we decide when to apply which style? What do users implicitly read into the difference between `MarkPlot` and **Mark Plot**? I would also argue that bolding the names instead of putting them in back ticks still makes paragraphs look too messy, which is part of the reason why we try to minimize the back ticks.

What if we just use a list when we need to mention 3 or more components like this?

```
In addition to the common chart components available for [composition](https://next.mui.com/x/react-charts/composition/), you can also use:

- Area Plot
- Line Plot
- Mark Plot
```

This would also make it cleaner if we wanted to link to resources about these components.

Author: **TL;TR** I think the convention is good for the general docs, but not composition sections. A design refinements could help to get a better DX on those topic.

----

> Our existing style conventions would dictate that these be styled like regular Proper Nouns, and that's the rule we've followed/tried to enforce for several years now.

I agree, but this convention was created for single components. When talking about Date Picker, Data Grid, or Bar Chart, I'm ok using this convention. It does not match exactly what people are using in their code. But the page is full of demos using those components. They open one and get access to the info.

For the charts composition, those sections might be the only place where they can read those names. So I'm more comfortable having them in a typography that clearly indicates "This is a string is a code. you can copy it in your codebase and the IDE will propose to import this component from our lib".

I looked at other docs, and I've seen this pattern too:

- base-ui: https://base-ui.com/react/components/checkbox-group#examples
- shadcn: https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/carousel

## Example

I found those extreme cases in the core docs

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e72bf018-55d8-4d00-a650-3f80ffda9f24)

In table, I agree it's ugly as hell. But in less than 1s I've understood it's a list of components named `TableXxxx`. If I care about that, I read it, if not, I move the the next section.

For Dialog, I see a big chunk of text I'm too lazy to read. Then, get attracted by the backtick, and the link.

If I go into details in the text, I find those lines confusing

> - Dialog Actions: an optional container for a Dialog's Buttons.
> - Dialog Content: an optional container for displaying the Dialog's content.
> - Dialog Content Text: a wrapper for text inside of `<DialogContent />`.

Not trivial to get that "Dialog's Buttons" means `<Button />`  and not a button specific for the dialog. ANd after it's fifty shades of dialog content 🙃

## Proposal

### For big component

For example the Bar Chart we could enforce the current rule. Because most of the sentences are

> You can customize Bar Chart label with the prop ...
> The Bar Chart get the full size except if ...

It's obvious we are talking about the `<BarChart />` and the most important par is not the component, but the props/params associated to it.

### For smaller component

For sentences that introduce more nich components like Line Chart Highlight, the component is the main topic of the sentence. So we need to make clear how to write it in your codebase.
For example, `LineChartHighlight` and not something like `LineChart.Highlight`

In that case backtick should be used.

### Avoiding messy paragraph

About the design aspect. I agree bold, or the current backtick design messes up the paragraph. But the solution could be a lighter design like the base-ui one: a monospace font and a different color?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/02667d07-42a9-4895-82e0-81ce4a0a191a)

Reviewer: > About the design aspect. I agree bold, or the current backtick design messes up the paragraph. But the solution could be a lighter design like the base-ui one: a monospace font and a different color?

I think the simplest solution may be to just enforce one style rule for all components and then tone down the code text styles to be less obtrusive. 

The more complex the rules get for styling, the less likely we are to be able to enforce them consistently. In your proposal, it would not always be clear to me when to use Plain Text vs `BackTicksNoBrackets` vs `<BackTicksWithBrackets>` or `<BackTIcksWithBracketsAndSelfClosing />`. If we simply decided that all components (whether "outer" / "composed" or "inner" / "complementary") should always be written in `BackTicksNoBrackets`, then there'd be no ambiguity. 

This would go against the rules we've enforced over the last few years (in an effort to minimize code blocks in body text), but I'm open to changing them if it makes sense to do so.

Author: I went with proposal from Lukas. The `<Component />` has the adventage to clearly inform readers that: 

1. It's a piece of code
2. It's a component

which is the most important for sections about composition.

For the design improvement, and if we shoudl make the writing rule evolves, that's a discussion to have a higher level than the charts. Other packages might have different opiniopn/interests

Reviewer: Sounds good to me 👍

## Composition

For composition, use the **ChartDataProvider** to provide `series`, `xAxis`, and `yAxis` props.

In addition to the common chart components available for [composition](https://next.mui.com/x/react-charts/composition/), you can use the following components:

- **AreaPlot** renders the series areas.
- **LinePlot** renders the series lines.
- **MarkPlot** renders the series marks.
- **LineHighlightPlot** renders larger mark dots on the highlighted values.

For info here is the composition of the Line Chart component.

```jsx
<ChartDataProvider>
  <ChartsWrapper>
    <ChartsLegend />
    <ChartsSurface>
      <ChartsGrid />
      <g clipPath={`url(#${clipPathId})`}>
        {/* Elements clipped inside the drawing area. */}
        <AreaPlot />
        <LinePlot />
        <ChartsOverlay />
        <ChartsAxisHighlight />
      </g>
      <ChartsAxis />
      <g data-drawing-container>
        {/* Elements able to overflow the drawing area. */}
        <MarkPlot />
      </g>
      <LineHighlightPlot />
      <ChartsTooltip />
      <ChartsClipPath id={clipPathId} />
    </ChartsSurface>
  </ChartsWrapper>
</ChartDataProvider>
```

:::info

> The `data-drawing-container` indicates that children of this element should be considered as part of the drawing are, even if they overflow.

Author: Not sure about the "as" -> "a"
